README.md, before:

# GitGraph

**GitGraph** is a developer portfolio visualization tool that analyzes your GitHub activity in 2025 to generate a beautiful "Year in Code" recap. Powered by Google Gemini 2.5 Flash, it infers your skills, determines your developer archetype, and creates a shareable social media card.

## Features

-   **2025 Focus**: Specifically analyzes repositories updated in 2025.
-   **AI Analysis**: Uses Gemini 2.5 Flash to infer skills, languages, and frameworks even if not explicitly tagged.
-   **Developer Archetype**: Assigns a fun, descriptive "Vibe" or archetype to your coding style (e.g., "Shipping Velocity Specialist").
-   **Visualizations**:
    -   **Tech Stack Bar Chart**: Relative frequency of tools and languages.
    -   **Language Focus Pie Chart**: Distribution of primary languages.
-   **Shareable Card**: Generates a downloadable PNG card for Twitter/LinkedIn.
-   **Flat Aesthetic**: Clean, dark-mode design using Tailwind CSS.

## Usage

1.  Visit [gitgraph.aibuilder.tools](https://gitgraph.aibuilder.tools).
2.  Enter a GitHub username (e.g., `torvalds`, `harishkotra`).
3.  Click **Analyze**.
4.  Wait for the AI to process your public repositories.
5.  View your dashboard and download your shareable card.

## Development

This project is built with React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and the Google GenAI SDK.

### Prerequisites

-   Node.js (v18+)
-   A Google Gemini API Key

### Setup

1.  **Clone the repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/gitgraph.git
    cd gitgraph
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies**:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3.  **Environment Configuration**:
    Create a `.env` file in the root directory and add your API key:
    ```
    API_KEY=your_google_gemini_api_key
    ```
    *Note: The application uses `process.env.API_KEY` for the backend service.*

4.  **Run the development server**:
    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome!

1.  Fork the project.
2.  Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`).
3.  Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`).
4.  Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`).
5.  Open a Pull Request.

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Credits

-   **Creator**: [Harish](https://x.com/harishkotra)
-   **Powered by**: Google Gemini API
-   **Hosting**: gitgraph.aibuilder.tools

Commit message:

feat: Integrate Vercel Analytics and Gemini API key support
Replaces hardcoded Google Analytics and Microsoft Clarity IDs with placeholders, allowing for dynamic configuration. Updates README to include deployment instructions for Vercel, emphasizing the need for a Google Gemini API key. Updates the skills chart component to improve layout and responsiveness, and ensures the root script is correctly referenced.

README.md, after:

# GitGraph

**GitGraph** is a developer portfolio visualization tool that analyzes your GitHub activity in 2025 to generate a beautiful "Year in Code" recap. Powered by Google Gemini 2.5 Flash, it infers your skills, determines your developer archetype, and creates a shareable social media card.

## Features

-   **2025 Focus**: Specifically analyzes repositories updated in 2025.
-   **AI Analysis**: Uses Gemini 2.5 Flash to infer skills, languages, and frameworks even if not explicitly tagged.
-   **Developer Archetype**: Assigns a fun, descriptive "Vibe" or archetype to your coding style (e.g., "Shipping Velocity Specialist").
-   **Visualizations**:
    -   **Tech Stack Bar Chart**: Relative frequency of tools and languages.
    -   **Language Focus Pie Chart**: Distribution of primary languages.
-   **Shareable Card**: Generates a downloadable PNG card for Twitter/LinkedIn.
-   **Flat Aesthetic**: Clean, dark-mode design using Tailwind CSS.
-   **Vercel Analytics**: Built-in tracking for production metrics.

## Usage

1.  Visit [gitgraph.aibuilder.tools](https://gitgraph.aibuilder.tools).
2.  Enter a GitHub username (e.g., `torvalds`, `harishkotra`).
3.  Click **Analyze**.
4.  Wait for the AI to process your public repositories.
5.  View your dashboard and download your shareable card.

## Deployment on Vercel

This project is designed to be easily deployed on Vercel.

### Prerequisites
-   A Vercel Account
-   A Google Gemini API Key from Google AI Studio.

### Steps
1.  Push this code to a GitHub repository.
2.  Import the repository into Vercel.
3.  **Crucial Step**: In the Vercel "Configure Project" screen, go to **Environment Variables**.
4.  Add a new variable:
    -   **Key**: `API_KEY`
    -   **Value**: *Your Google Gemini API Key*
5.  Deploy.

*Note: If you are seeing a blank page in production, ensure your project is built correctly. If using the provided simple HTML structure, Vercel generally serves it as a static site. Ensure you haven't removed the script tags.*

## Development

This project is built with React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and the Google GenAI SDK.

### Prerequisites

-   Node.js (v18+)
-   A Google Gemini API Key

### Setup

1.  **Clone the repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/gitgraph.git
    cd gitgraph
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies**:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3.  **Environment Configuration**:
    Create a `.env` file in the root directory and add your API key:
    ```
    API_KEY=your_google_gemini_api_key
    ```
    *Note: The application uses `process.env.API_KEY` for the backend service.*

4.  **Run the development server**:
    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome!

1.  Fork the project.
2.  Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`).
3.  Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`).
4.  Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`).
5.  Open a Pull Request.

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Credits

-   **Creator**: [Harish](https://x.com/harishkotra)
-   **Powered by**: Google Gemini API
-   **Hosting**: gitgraph.aibuilder.tools
